yo what's going on guys DG eyes here
bring you guys some random gameplay this
is some killer instinct on xbox one and
I'm playing as J go and we have the foxy
little minx orchid that I'm fighting
against there but anyway yeah so I'm
just doing a random commentary over this
gameplay I end up getting an ultra combo
finisher on this which was kind of nice
I haven't played this game much in
recent days I actually got this game
play a little while ago but the reason
why is because I just haven't had any
updates and so as soon as they start
updating and maybe I know for sure I
want to play this game when they unlock
all the characters and then actually
have a story mode which is my biggest
complaint originally even though it's a
free game you can pay twenty tough I
think fifty dollars for this game
depending on what all you want to unlock
and then if you do that then you can get
the story mode but at this point I but
again that that happens after it becomes
available for unlock which is after all
I think four or five DLC characters
becomes available which I have no idea
when that is and and it's it's
frustrating that that they did it the
way they did this so um so I haven't
played this game that much and honestly
i gotta say i'm bored as crap with my
xbox one guys there's been lots of
things that have really been bad for me
I mean my call of duty ghosts game got
hacked and on top of my call of duty
ghosts game getting hacked my NBA 2k14
game was fun for a while but then all of
a sudden I completed a thing to get me
this lebron code which gives you a pair
of shoes in LeBrons in real life and i
had to play through five four and five
days worth of gameplay to try to get
this code I did everything in the damn
code didn't unlock and 2k support won't
help me I've called them numerous times
and I've talked to people on on Twitter
and they just won't answer anything and
give me a code so between ghost getting
hacked and that happening with 2k this
game not having a story mode Dead Rising
was pretty good for whatever was worth I
mean i played through that but it didn't
add honestly doesn't have a ton of
replay value you kill enough zombies and
you finish the story story mode and then
what do you do so I'm honestly this
point where I'm like damn it i don't
know to do so i'm thinking i'm gonna
work on getting a pc setup i want to try
some other games out there i want to
play terraria i want to play starbound
want to do some other games that are
offered on pc so i'm working on trying
to get my macbook set up with a pc or
something like that but i just got to
say honestly i'm bored with my xbox one
at this point there's no games that make
it worth having and I don't know the
release dates of when games are coming
out or things are getting pushed back
but it's just it's kind of lame for for
christmas like I would right now would
be the ideal time to be opponent some
noobs on Christmas or the day after
Christmas or whatever Christmas vacation
on call of duty but I'm just not about
it not after my game got hacked and i
put in so much time to prestige and then
it just it's just been frustrating guys
my my experience with Xbox one has and
there's an ultra right here happening
but but I don't know you know I'll
probably go back and start playing some
more modern warfare two more I have fun
with that as long as the lobbies aren't
active I've heard but I don't know what
to do leave some comments let me know
what to do I did start off and play some
some battlefield so I expect to see some
more battlefield game play here and
there but that's all I got here just
wanted to show you guys this real quick
gameplay have a good one guys will catch
you guys later